# BTechProjects
Projects worked on as part of B.Tech. (CS) degree [2016-2020] coursework from NIT, Bhopal.

**1. Collective Entity Disambiguation as Reduced Graph Optimisation**  
*Jul 2019 - Nov 2019*  
Combinatorial optimization is performed on Entity Coherence Graph (edges indicating semantic coherence) of top m entities extracted by LSTM 
with a local attention layer, to obtain the disambiguation graph with faster execution time as compared to ML models. 

**2. Gait Recognition using a Hierarchical Neural Network**  
*Jan 2019 - Nov 2019*  
To reduce the dependence of existing recognition models on a full gait cycle as input, boundary information of mean silhouette (generated by 
a multi-channel CNN using 3 consecutive foreground silhouettes) with skeletal joint information is used for prediction.

**3. IOT based Audio Recognition**  
*May 2019 - Jun 2019*  
Concepts from edge analytics were used to reduce lags in audio recognition associated with single-point processing and data transmission, by 
distributing the processing across components. 

**4. Parallel Algorithm for LU Factorisation of a Quasi-matrix using Gaussian Elimination (Partial Pivot)**  
*Jan 2019 - Apr 2019*  
Row pivot algorithm to obtain a lower-triangular quasi-matrix and an upper-triangular matrix is implemented as a 1-D row agglomeration with 
thread-level coarsening for faster processing.

**5. Multi-server Private Information Retrieval of Proximity Queries using Function Secret SharingMulti-server Private Information Retrieval of 
Proximity Queries using Function Secret Sharing**  
*Jul 2018 - Nov 2018*  
The project extends keyword based PIR to proximity queries. It modifies the Point Function to support these by using PRNG based FSS constructs, 
to generate unique trees for each server.

**6. Single Image Super-Resolution using DCNN based ReconstructionSingle Image Super-Resolution using DCNN based Reconstruction**  
*Jan 2018 - Apr 2018*  
Convolution layers extract HR patches from LR patches by non-linear mapping, deconvolution layers then upsample HR patches to produce a better 
quality resultant image with lower processing time.

**7. C++ library of Persistent Data StructuresC++ library of Persistent Data Structures**  
*Jul 2017 - Nov 2017*  
Designed C++ class templates for immutable data structures using the concept of persistency. It outperformed lock based data structures in terms 
of speed for concurrent reads/writes.
